Hello guys in this section we will learn how to build a search feature.
Imagine a world without Google.
It would be almost impossible for us to search for something.
Same goes for a web application.
We need to add a search functionality so the user could search for a product in this video we will create
an elderly account.
It's Ogola is a cloud search infrastructure.
You don't need to create your own search engine for a web application.
You can use Google to solve this problem.
Let's go to the Web site.
So you type in the top and then I'm going to click again because I create the account you simply just
click Google or get up if you have a Google account or get an account for me.
I can't I'm just going to click this.
All right.
So here's the interface we have dashboard in Dyce's and now thinks the API keys and you can check team
as well.
Essential for business and underprice.
We're not going to great now.
You just can use a sandbox.
So the first thing you want to do is you want to do this and you want to create a new index and then
you want to give it a name.
Amazon on Version 1 create create index and Kirlian don't have any data yet because when you do that
in a couple of next week in and that we do actually we're going to add or to be more specific seeing
the data in the database to our goal the cloud storage.
So now what you need to do is you want to go to API Kean's and on what you need to do is you want to
copy this and you want to copy this is well on the spot.
So that's about it in the next video.
We will install a library call or a dependency call mongoose or go here so that we could start using
the search engine infrastructure.
I'll see you guys in the next Vitti.